Warnings for using Selenium.
1. I believe the use of the close() function on webdrivers is essential because webdrivers
allocate space from memory. I've tried reading about this online, and the general consensus 
is that webdrivers that go unclosed will still use up memory. However, since they're confined
to the script, I'm not sure if webdrivers consume some of the memory that is allocated for
entire program or if they consume some of the memory that the entire computer possesses.
Regardless, use close(). The slight issue with this is that all automated programs only 
call close() if an error occurs or if they finish their task. Early closing of the program,
which is done through clicking the red x button, might be producing consequences unbeknownst
to me.
2. Occasionally, starting a webdriver will print multiple lines (or a steady endless amount of lines)
saying that the "handshake failed". As far as I know, this is supposed to mean that Selenium's attempts
to open up a browser window is failing. However, in all the cases I've seen this before, failed handshakes
have never prevented the program from operating. This happens even if the warning is printing endlessly.
I still don't know the true cause of these warnings since they occur sporadically. The causes could be
closing programs without calling close() first or the computer's current internet connection.
3. While Selenium can produce errors due to timeouts or hidden elements, those are errors in the code.
Some errors can originate externally. Minimizing the webdriver's window will raise an error similar to
the hidden elements one. Trying to use the webdriver's window will sabotage the program's automated
procedures. Letting the monitor sleep for too long will make the program stop. Apparently, running other
"intensive" tasks will stop the program, too. For example, trying the code demos on W3schools will
halt the program's execution. This may be due to the fact that another IDE is running. Then again,
I also tried running two programs simultaneously, one with Selenium and one without. Both were
able to run at the same time. By chance, I also learned that uploading a file on Github could crash
the program. I truly have no idea all other computer activities could cause the Selenium program to crash.